Update Get-CsAutoAttendant.md (#9289)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/Get-CsAutoAttendant.md

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

> > [!NOTE]
> > Expect slow response times when using this parameter with Teams Powershell module starting with v4.0.0.  Please use the **-Skip** and **-First** parameters to limit the result size instead.  This issue is expected to be resolved within the next few months.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Expect slow response times when using this parameter with Teams PowerShell module starting with version 4.0.0.  Use the **-Skip** and **-First** parameters to limit the result size instead.  This issue is expected to be resolved within the next few months.
```
